README.md, before:

# ManagedCuda.NETStandard

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/surban/managedCuda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/surban/managedCuda)

Donate a beer to help the original author keep managedCuda up to date :)
[![Flattr this git repo](http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=kunzmi&url=https://github.com/kunzmi/managedCuda&title=managedCuda&language=&tags=github&category=software)
or
[![Support via PayPal](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_GB/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif)](https://www.paypal.me/kunzmi/)

This is a port of [ManagedCuda](https://kunzmi.github.io/managedCuda/) to .NET Standard 2.0.
It has been tested on Linux and Microsoft Windows.

ManagedCUDA aims an easy integration of NVidia's CUDA in .NET applications written in C#, F#, Visual Basic or any other .NET language.


## Updates from Surban fork

* Upgrade to Visual Studio 2017.
* Fixed CSPROJ file issues introduced by Surban. In doing an upgrade of CSPROJ files to VS 2017, I found
  that the generated CSPROJ files did not work within VS (see https://developercommunity.visualstudio.com/content/problem/349096/multiple-issues-with-vs2017-reading-dotnet-generat.html).
* Upgrade to NVIDIA GPU Toolkit 10.0.
* Added unknown/unlisted project files to SLN project.
* Fixed documentation of what StubsForLinux is and how to rebuild.
* Added explicit Nuget package creation as I have no idea where or how it was originally done.
* Samples updated--netstandard2.0 framework incompatible with Net Framework <4.6.1. Hangover from Surban, did not port samples as far as I can tell. See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/net-standard


## Documentation

Reference documentation is available at <http://surban.github.io/managedCuda>.

## NuGet packages

Prebuilt NuGet packages are [available on nuget.org](https://www.nuget.org/packages?q=ManagedCuda+NETStandard).

Commit message:

Update the readme with some additional facts.

README.md, after:

# ManagedCuda.NETStandard

This is a forked version of ManagedCuda from Surban (https://github.com/surban/managedCuda),
which was forked from original author Kunzmi (https://github.com/kunzmi/managedCuda).

Unfortunately, Surban''s port did not address some fundamentals of rolling forward to CUDA 9,
and introduced several non-portable problems. This version addresses those issues, and rolls forward
to the GPU Toolkit version 10. But, the fundamental problem here is that with each release,
the code has to be hand-edited for the newest version. This fork stops with this release. I will be
working out a whole new, automatic-generated API from header files. SWIG is too labor intensive. In addition,
I plan on working out an API to handle older versions that a user may have installed.

## Updates from Surban fork

* Upgrade to Visual Studio 2017.
* Fixed CSPROJ file issues introduced by Surban. In doing an upgrade of CSPROJ files to VS 2017, I found
  that the generated CSPROJ files did not work within VS (see https://developercommunity.visualstudio.com/content/problem/349096/multiple-issues-with-vs2017-reading-dotnet-generat.html).
* Upgrade to NVIDIA GPU Toolkit 10.0.
* Added unknown/unlisted project files to SLN project.
* Fixed documentation of what StubsForLinux is and how to rebuild.
* Added explicit Nuget package creation as I have no idea where or how it was originally done.
* Samples updated--netstandard2.0 framework incompatible with Net Framework <4.6.1. Hangover from Surban, did not port samples as far as I can tell. See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/net-standard
* To do: Update the API for version 10. Surban's fork says it works with version 9, but it was never updated with new declarations, e.g., CUdevice_attribute, cuDeviceGetUuid().

## Documentation

Older reference documentation is available at <http://surban.github.io/managedCuda> or <https://kunzmi.github.io/managedCuda/>.

## NuGet packages

Prebuilt NuGet packages are [available on nuget.org](https://www.nuget.org/packages?q=ManagedCuda+NETStandard).
